---
title: 'Another week, more things to consider'
description: ""
pubDate: 'May 29 2025'
//heroImage: '/blog-placeholder-3.jpg'
previewImage: '/blog-placeholder-3.jpg'
---

Hello! It's another post, and what to say again?

So far, since my last post, i've sorta reworked this site, i found some nice other sites to reference to add on to this. I believe since you've last seen here, it now has a darker theme!

Also, i've finally returned to to Australia, after a 2 month holiday to Singapore! I definitely don't miss the humid and generally higher temps of so, but many things i've missed! After all, a majority of my life was spent there. I definitely miss the local food, my friends, and my family. Now that i'm back though, i believe it's autumn now? Temperatures are dropping like crazy as compared to summer, and not sweating 24/7 feels nice.

I'm currently writing this in Sydney, which i ain't based in. I'm here for the week, till the 31st! I came over to watch Ado live! Her performance was nothing short of magical. I'm so glad i was able to catch her, i'm a huge fan of hers, and the song lineup was most of my favourite songs from her. I can't describe how excited i was and am! I did admittingly get a bit sick during the concert, i've never been one for louder places, and the vibrations from a ton of bass and loud noises do cause some motion sickness in me, not to mention the lights during the show! The visuals were fantastic, but low-key it was like having many flashbangs go off in your face! HAHA

That aside, whats the plans now?

Since my last post, there's a game that came out that a friend of mine made. I definitely want to play it! Do check it out [here](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2650730/SEDAP_A_Culinary_Adventure/)!

I would include screenshots in this post, i'm still working things out on this site! Please be patient.

Once again, thank you for stopping by! I'll see you soon in the next post, Thank you for your continued support.

&#8212; Sasame